and David says they're via people but
it's not about people when it comes to
knowledge knowledge is created by people
but it's not about them in the main
which is to say David is not mentioning
psychological States like certainty or
belief in his Constructor theoretic
conception of knowledge which extends
what popper already had in mind that
conception of knowledge yes says that
people are far more significant in the
universe than any other conception says
perhaps even more significant than
religious conceptions say and certainly
more significant than any Justified
belief conception of knowledge would
lead us to think